README.md, before:

My primary interests are programming languages, 2D and 3D graphics, and creating forms. I enjoy using math and physics to create 2D/3D graphics. Feel free to checkout my repos. They are all projects at various stages of development. Some are plain projects in order to evaluate the pros and cons of programming libraries or programming languages. My other GitHub account is @MateoEstradaOSU - where I write all my professional projects for fields like biology, sociology, anthropology, fish and wildlife, and more. 

The fun part of CS is how other fields can be used in CS. 

Technology I have been trained to work with:
- Shaders (opengl) - fragment, vertex, tesselations, geometry 
- Flask, Django (Python)
- VueJs, Nuxt, React (JavaScript)
- C++ Programming in computer graphics and high performance computing
- Haskell - Functional Programming
- Java - Object Oriented Programming

This started as a hobby of building a small webpage for a barbershop and a tattoo parlor. And well it has grown into more. 
I have always been drawn to a good webpage. 

<!---
TheodoreAI/TheodoreAI is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

Revise technology experience and professional role
Updated technology experience section and added current position.

README.md, after:

My primary interests are programming languages, 2D and 3D graphics, and creating forms. I enjoy using math and physics to create 2D/3D graphics. Feel free to checkout my repos. They are all projects at various stages of development. Some are plain projects in order to evaluate the pros and cons of programming libraries or programming languages. My other GitHub account is @MateoEstradaOSU - where I write all my professional projects for fields like biology, sociology, anthropology, fish and wildlife, and more. 

The fun part of CS is how other fields can be used in CS. 

Tech I have experience with:
- Shaders (OpenGL) - fragment, vertex, tesselations, geometry 
- Flask, Django (Python)
- VueJs, Nuxt, React (JavaScript)
- C++
- Haskell 
- Java 
- Rust 

I hold the position of Analyst Programmer for the last 5 years. 

<!---
TheodoreAI/TheodoreAI is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
